Assignment 1:
Grade: 2.6/3 (Good). 0.1 pt has been retracted for wrong repository setup (see again the instruction from notebook). 0.1 pt has been retracted due to missing screenshots of the running talker and listener (in different launch orders). And 0.2 pt hhas been removed for missing ls -a for exploring hidden files in the dungeon folder.

Assignment 2:
Grade: 5/12. Very unsatisfactory performance on task 2 and 3 (wrong robot geometry, kinematics, texture, poor ros communication/synchronization and code setup)

Assignment 3:
Grade: 10/15. Answer to task 1 not found.The goal of the control is to take a goal from planning and reach it. Your planner is the master node and the knowledge and map system are your memory.  The map is updated by state estimation and perception. knowledge stores the map and uses it to support spatial reasoning. The map has a static part, this is what SLAM discovers, the most stable structure of the world that can be used by planning for deliberative planning, but perception and state estimation, will continuously update the map with dynamic objects (also known as costmap vs map), which is essential for reactive planning at motion control level. Note that reactive planning can also be performed. Your interface package would contain msgs, sercices, actions and urdf for rviz visualization. You can use the camera as well for SLAM. The cognitive arcchitecture package, launch all the nodes from and ensure they are appropriately connected. It is the protocol that ensures module nodes are connected, work and communicate as intended. Finally, control, be it at the kinematic or dynamic level, can be closed or open.

Assignment 4:
Grade: 2.75/5. Very unmatched robot urdf model (see picture of robot in Assignment 2).

Assignment 5:
Grade: 2.5/5. Task 2 is very unsatisfactory. The robot has not mapped, therefore the gray cells (unknown occupancy).

Assignment 6:
Grade: 8/10 (Good). I appreciate your effort. In order to implement successful reactive control you need to understand the higher-level behavior to achieve. In this context, we can show that the two behaviors (collision avoidance and wall following) are sufficient to yield a reliable exploration of the map. the wall following allows you to get the systematic outline of the room and while avoiding obstacles. Wall here is meant for any obstacle that lies at the boundaries of the rooms and defines its outline. This means that if a door is open, by applying the logic of wall-following, you will not only get in the room, but bend around the door in order to get the perfect outline. In order to successfully achieve this, you need closed-loop control, this is not about if-switch case structures, but about tighly coupling the commands (input velocity) and the environment as we discussed on Friday. Another aspect of the project is that you test the behaviors one after the other. However, in the full implementation you must combine them into a unified framework where they run conccurently and sometimes conflicting, which is needed for exploring and collecting the map automatically rather than manually.

The only field of knowledge inquiry that seriously adopted the concept of ontological uncertainty (wheel slip is not ontological uncertainty) is the standard interpretation (copenhagen) of quantum mechanics, but other valid interpretations (bohmian) have quickly shown that epistemic uncertainty can be adopted as well at quantum level. So this being said, the most important for you as roboticists is the following: In situation of uncertainty, there is hope to reduce uncertainty with gain of knowledge (epistemic) and given an uncertain situation, be it epistemic or ontological, even if I can reduce uncertainty, I have to quantify it so that subsequent processes can react robustly to my outputs in a way that guarantees success and safety.

Finally, the state model contain the map variable M.
